README.md, before:

# securingtherealm.github.io
> Securing the Realm website.

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/--3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Astro](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FF5F00?logo=astro&logoColor=ffffff)](https://astro.build/)
[![publish-to-github-pages](https://github.com/SecuringTheRealm/securingtherealm.github.io/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SecuringTheRealm/securingtherealm.github.io/actions/workflows/publish.yml)

This workflow runs daily and deploys only when the fetched XML feed has changed.

### Installation

## Getting started

To get started with this template, first install the npm dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Next, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Finally, open [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321) in your browser to view the website.

## License

The underlying site template is produced based on the [Tailwind Plus license](https://tailwindcss.com/plus/license). All other code is MIT licenced.
Content is released under CC BY-SA 4.0 Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/.

## Learn more

To learn more about the technologies used in this site template, see the following resources:

- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) - the official Tailwind CSS documentation
- [Astro](https://docs.astro.build) - the official Astro documentation

Commit message:

feat: render episode descriptions as markdown

README.md, after:

# securingtherealm.github.io
> Securing the Realm website.

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/--3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Astro](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FF5F00?logo=astro&logoColor=ffffff)](https://astro.build/)
[![publish-to-github-pages](https://github.com/SecuringTheRealm/securingtherealm.github.io/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SecuringTheRealm/securingtherealm.github.io/actions/workflows/publish.yml)

This workflow runs daily and deploys only when the fetched XML feed has changed.

### Installation

## Getting started

To get started with this template, first install the npm dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

This project uses `react-markdown` to render episode descriptions. Ensure the
dependency is installed by running the command above.

Next, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Finally, open [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321) in your browser to view the website.

## License

The underlying site template is produced based on the [Tailwind Plus license](https://tailwindcss.com/plus/license). All other code is MIT licenced.
Content is released under CC BY-SA 4.0 Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/.

## Learn more

To learn more about the technologies used in this site template, see the following resources:

- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) - the official Tailwind CSS documentation
- [Astro](https://docs.astro.build) - the official Astro documentation
