src/content/blog/welcome.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome to the Library"
description: "Your first post in the Securing the Realm blog - exploring the intersection of technology and adventure."
pubDate: 2025-01-15
tags: ["welcome", "meta"]
draft: false
---

# Welcome to the Library

Greetings, adventurer! You've discovered the Library—a repository of knowledge where we document our quests through the realms of cybersecurity, Azure, and AI.

## What You'll Find Here

In these hallowed halls, you'll discover:

- **Technical Deep Dives**: Detailed explorations of Azure services, AI models, and security architectures
- **Quest Chronicles**: Stories from our adventures implementing real-world solutions
- **Spell Books**: Guides and tutorials for wielding modern technology
- **Arcane Knowledge**: Insights on emerging technologies and best practices

## Our Mission

We believe that technology doesn't have to be dry and boring. By framing our work as epic quests and adventures, we make complex topics accessible and engaging.

Whether you're battling cloud misconfigurations, training AI familiars, or securing your realm against digital threats, you'll find guidance here.

## Join the Quest

Stay tuned for more posts, and don't forget to check out:

- The **Tower** for video presentations
- The **Forge** for open-source projects
- The **Arcane Scrolls** newsletter for regular updates

Adventure awaits! 🏰✨

Commit message:

feat(blog): update welcome post with new description and publication date; enhance content structure and readability
feat(projects): add new project entries for Róg, Scottish Summit D&D, and Securing the Realm website; include first public dates and descriptions

fix(projects): add firstPublic date to existing project entries for str-agentic-adventures and str-foundry-local

refactor(forge): improve project sorting logic by firstPublic date; enhance project display with additional information

refactor(index): update latest projects fetching logic to include firstPublic date; improve content display on the homepage

src/content/blog/welcome.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome to the Library"
description: "The first chapter in the Securing the Realm blog – where cybersecurity, Azure, and AI meet adventure."
pubDate: 2025-12-01
tags: ["welcome", "meta"]
draft: false
---

# Welcome to the Library

Welcome, traveller. You’ve entered **the Library** – the heart of *Securing the Realm*, where we chronicle our adventures across cybersecurity, Azure, and AI.

## What Awaits Inside

Among these shelves you’ll uncover:

- **Technical Deep Dives** – explorations of Azure, AI models, and secure architectures
- **Quest Chronicles** – stories from real-world projects and the battles fought along the way
- **Spell Books** – hands-on guides and tutorials to sharpen your craft
- **Arcane Knowledge** – insights into the technologies shaping tomorrow’s defences

## Why We Write

*Securing the Realm* began with a simple idea: learning should feel like an adventure.
By blending fantasy storytelling with technical precision, we make complex topics accessible and memorable – a map through the ever-shifting lands of digital transformation and security.

Whether you’re reforging cloud defences, taming AI agents, or building trust in your kingdom’s data, this Library is your guide.

## Join the Quest

Return often. The story grows with each chapter.

- Visit the **Tower** for talks and videos
- Explore the **Forge** for open-source creations
- Subscribe to **Arcane Scrolls** for updates from the Realm

The gates are open. The torches are lit.
Adventure awaits. 🏰✨
